since you asked here's my no fall damage
tutorial one thing you have to
understand is eccentrics or the downward
movement makes you very sore this is
because the muscle is lengthening and
flexing at the same time the muscle gets
put under a tremendous amount of stress
and thus has a higher chance of injury
but if you do it right it also has the
highest potential for muscle growth but
instead of overloading the exercise with
weight which would make bigger muscles
we are going to overload the exercise
with speed which is going to increase
the tendon stiffness which is actually a
good thing easiest easy okay medium
hardish harder and of course hardest If
you experience pain in any of these
moves dial it back to an easier version
till your body adapts take it slow and
absorbing force will be easier and
easier over time stay Flexi